Tsubari
I can't wait to see the sky and the sea.
I can't wait to see the sea.
In the shadow of the Tokumai hospital,
a man and a woman lined up in the basement.
A year and a half long moon is waiting for the town.
I don't know if I've heard a lot about the story of the day.
I don't know what it is.
When it's morning,
I'll break the circle and wait in the city.
I'm going to work and go out.
I'm going to help the poor.
This is the reputation of Edo.
I'm going to fight with my whole life.
It's strange that the kaka is going to be the wife of a craftsman tonight.
I'm going to do something important.
Even if it's a single-time job,
If you stop me, I'll be sorry for the war.
I'll start early in the morning.
I'm going to work hard and sell my shop.
I'm going to drink tonight's 6B.
The second-generation of the old factory is 6B.
I made a great family without a piece in the house.
The true love is the end of love.
I'll stop this and take a breath.
I'm going to work hard and sell my shop.
I'm going to break the circle and wait in the city.
I'm going to fight with my whole life.
I'm going to break the circle and sell my shop.
I'm going to break the circle and fight with my whole life.